MEETING MINUTES
Participants: Prof. Lauer, Matt Heon, Dolan Murvihill
Date: 9/16/2014

Discussion:
* Discussed expectations in terms of communication. Right now the plan seems to
  be to throw deliverables "over the wall" in large batches; that won't do. We
  should be sending things to the advisor early and often, so he is updated.
* Literature review is behind. We should have a partial bibliography and
  progress report ready for next week.
* Anonymization script needs to work in a slightly different format; should
  preserve directory structure from TurnIn in order to mirror the real-world
  use case.

Goals for Next Week:
* Anonymization script and demo program by today
* Partial bibliography tomorrow

